Add Workers Assets + Vue framework guide (#20584)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/framework-guides/vue.mdx

/>

After setting up your project, change your directory by running the following command:

```sh
cd my-vue-app
```

## 2. Develop locally

After you have created your project, run the following command in the project directory to start a local server. This will allow you to preview your project locally during development.

<PackageManagers type="run" args={"dev"} />

## 3. Deploy your project

Your project can be deployed to a `*.workers.dev` subdomain or a [Custom Domain](/workers/configuration/routing/custom-domains/), from your own machine or from any CI/CD system, including [Cloudflare's own](/workers/ci-cd/builds/).

The following command will build and deploy your project. If you are using CI, ensure you update your ["deploy command"](/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/#build-settings) configuration appropriately.

<PackageManagers type="run" args={"deploy"} />

---

## Static assets

You can serve static assets in your Vue application by [placing them in the `./public/` directory](https://vite.dev/guide/assets#the-public-directory). This can be useful for resource files such as images, stylesheets, fonts, and manifests.

<Render file="workers-assets-routing-summary" />

> ## Bindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect Vue with Workers bindings
```

> Your new project also contains a Worker (at `./server/index.ts`), which you can use as a backend API for your Vue application. From this Worker, you can use bindings to access resources on the Cloudflare Developer Platform. Learn how to [configure Workers bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Vue application cannot directly access Workers bindings, but it can interact with them through a Worker backend API at `./server/index.ts`. You can make [`fetch()` requests](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch/) from your Vue app to the Worker, which can then handle the request and connect to bindings. Learn how to [configure Workers bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).
```
@emily-shen
To answer your comment, I removed Bindings from the React framework guide per @petebacondarwin 's recommendation, because React is different from the other frameworks in that it doesn't connect with Workers directly (if I understand correctly) and it's simpler without mentioning Bindings. But it seems like maybe Vue is similar to React in that way? 
If so, here is what I had written for React (adapted for Vue) before I saw Pete's comment about deleting it. Let me know what you think. If this works, it's up to you / @petebacondarwin if you think we should add it into both guides? (And also Gatsby + other similar frameworks?)

Author: Yup the React and Vue templates are _very_ similar so whatever we end up with should apply to both. I meant to chip in the react PR but saw it was getting merged, thought it would be easier to followup here - sorry about the confusion 😅 

It's definitely simpler to omit bindings, but imo it's also less complete. We _could've_ created a template that didn't have a Worker and only React/Vue, but since we _did_ include a Worker for a backend, it seems like we should explain that here in the docs, along with a bit of info about how to set up bindings.

This wouldn't apply to Gatsby etc. though, because those template _don't_ include a Worker.

Reviewer: @emily-shen 
Awesome. Thanks for the clarification! If we have time on this, I'll wait for @petebacondarwin to confirm that we can add it to React as well so we're all aligned.

Author: A nit about the phrasing of "Workers backend API" - someone could confuse it with a Workers _platform_ API, rather than a worker being used for a backend? 

what about:

```suggestion
Your new project also contains a Worker at `./server/index.ts`, which you can use as a backend API for your Vue application. While your Vue application cannot directly access Workers bindings, it can interact with them through this Worker. You can make [`fetch()` requests](/workers/runtime-apis/fetch/) from your Vue application to the Worker, which can then handle the request and connect to bindings. Learn how to [configure Workers bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).
```

Reviewer 2: This section looks good. Feel free to roll it out to the React doc too. Either in this PR or we/I can create a new PR for React.
